{bf:College} - {browse "https://educationdata.urban.org/documentation/colleges.html":Read Complete Documentation}

{bf:"college ipeds directory"}: This file contains directory information for
every institution in the IPEDS universe. This includes name, address, city,
state, zip code, and various URL links to the institution's home page,
admissions, financial aid offices, and the net price calculator. Identifies
institutions as currently active and institutions that participate in Title IV
federal financial aid programs for which IPEDS is mandatory. It also includes
variables derived from the Institutional Characteristics survey, such as
control and level of institution, highest level and highest degree offered and
Carnegie classifications.

{bf:"college ipeds institutional-characteristics"}: This endpoint contains
data on program and award level offerings, control and affiliation of
institution. It also contains information on special learning opportunities,
student services, disability services, tuition plans and athletic conference
associations. Services and programs for service members and veterans are also
included.

{bf:"college ipeds admissions-enrollment"}: This endpoint contains data on
applicants and admissions by sex and enrollees by sex and full-time/part-time
status. These data are limited to undergraduate first-time, degree- or
certificate-seeking students.

{bf:"college ipeds admissions-requirements"}: This endpoint contains data on
admissions considerations for the undergraduate selection process. SAT and ACT
test scores are included for institutions that require test scores for
admission. These data are applicable for institutions that do not have an open
admissions policy for entering first-time students. Writing scores for both SAT
and ACT are no longer collected. The possible values for the admission
consideration variables have changed from prior data. "Do not know" is no
longer an option and "considered but not required" was added.

{bf:"college ipeds enrollment-full-time-equivalent"}: This endpoint contains
data on instructional activity measured in total credit and/or contact hours
delivered by institutions during a 12-month period. The credit hour and contact
hour activity data are used to derive 12-month full-time equivalent (FTE)
enrollments for both undergraduate and graduate levels. The graduate level does
not include credit hours for doctoral professional practice students.
Institutions can choose to accept the derived FTE or report their own FTE. Both
reported and estimated/derived FTE are available in this data table for 2003
and later. In addition, the reported FTE of doctoral professional practice
students are also included. These data are only available at the undergraduate,
graduate, and first professional level.

{bf:"college ipeds fall-enrollment race sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students enrolled in the fall by race, sex, full-time/part-time
status, and level of study. For undergraduates, this is further broken down by
degree-seeking/non&ndash;degree-seeking, and degree-seeking is broken down by
class level. Institutions with traditional academic year calendar systems
(semester, quarter, trimester, or 4-1-4) report their enrollment as of October
15 or the official fall reporting date of the institution. Institutions with
calendar systems that differ by program or allow continuous enrollment report
students who are enrolled at any time between August 1 and October 31.
Available levels of study are undergraduate, graduate, first-professional
(through 2008 only), and postbaccalaureate (through 1998 only).

{bf:"college ipeds fall-enrollment age sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students enrolled in the fall by age categories, sex,
full-time/part-time status, and level of study. Institutions with traditional
academic year calendar systems (semester, quarter, trimester, or 4-1-4) report
their enrollment as of October 15 or the official fall reporting date of the
institution. Institutions with calendar systems that differ by program or allow
continuous enrollment report students who are enrolled at any time between
August 1 and October 31. Submission of enrollment by age categories is optional
in even-numbered years. Available levels of study are undergraduate, graduate,
and first-professional (through 2008 only); in 2000, only undergraduate data
are available.

{bf:"college ipeds fall-enrollment residence"}: This endpoint contains the
number of first-time freshmen by state of residence, along with data on the
number who graduated from high school the previous year. Institutions with
traditional academic year calendar systems (i.e., semester, quarter, trimester,
or 4-1-4) report their enrollment as of October 15 or the institutionís
official fall reporting date. Institutions with calendar systems that differ by
program or allow continuous enrollment report students that are enrolled at any
time between August 1 and October 31. Submission of enrollment of first-time
undergraduate students by residency is mandatory in even-numbered years and
optional in odd-numbered years.

{bf:"college ipeds enrollment-headcount"}: This endpoint contains the
unduplicated head count of students enrolled over a 12-month period for both
undergraduate and graduate levels. These enrollment data are particularly
valuable for institutions that use non-traditional calendar systems and offer
short-term programs. Because this enrollment measure encompasses an entire
year, it provides a more complete picture of the number of students these
schools serve. Counts are available by level of study, sex, and race/ethnicity.

{bf:"college ipeds fall-retention"}: The first-year retention rate data
measures the percentage of first-year students who persisted in or completed
their educational program a year later. This is provided for full-time and
part-time students.

{bf:"college ipeds student-faculty-ratio"}: Student-to-faculty ratio is
defined as total FTE students not in graduate or professional programs divided
by total FTE instructional staff not teaching in graduate or professional
programs. All data on this file is applicable only to institutions with
undergraduate students.

{bf:"college ipeds grad-rates"}: This endpoint contains the graduation rate
status as of August 31, at the end of the academic year, for the cohort of
full-time, first-time degree- or certificate-seeking undergraduates, by race
and sex. Data for four-year institutions include the number of bachelor's
degree&ndash;seeking students who enrolled six academic years earlier, the
number of bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who completed any degree or
certificate within 150 percent of normal time, the number who completed a
bachelor's degree within 100, 125 or 150 percent on normal time, and the number
of bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who transferred out. Data for
students seeking a degree or certificate other than a bachelor's degree are
also included for four-year institutions. Data for two-year institutions
include the number of full-time, first-time students who enrolled three
academic years earlier, the number of students who completed any degree or
certificate within 100 or 150 percent of normal time and the number of students
who transferred out. The number of students who completed a degree or
certificate within 100 percent of normal time is not available by race and sex.

{bf:"college ipeds grad-rates-200pct"}: This endpoint contains the
graduation rate status as of August 31, at the end of the academic year, for
the cohort of full-time, first-time degree- or certificate-seeking
undergraduates. Data for four-year institutions include the number of
bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who enrolled eight academic years
earlier, the number of bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who completed a
bachelor's degree within 100, 150 or 200 percent on normal time. Data for less
than four-year institutions include the number of full-time, first-time
students who enrolled four academic years earlier, the number of students who
completed any degree or certificate within 100, 150, or 200 percent of normal
time.

{bf:"college ipeds grad-rates-pell"}: This endpoint contains the graduation
rate status as of August 31, at the end of the academic year, for three
subcohorts of full-time, first-time degree- or certificate-seeking
undergraduates. The three subcohorts are students who received a Pell grant,
students who received a subsidized Stafford loan and did not receive a Pell
grant, and students who did not receive either a Pell grant or Stafford loan.
In four-year institutions each of the subcohorts will include the number of
bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who enrolled six academic years
earlier, the number of bachelor's degree&ndash;seeking students who completed
any degree or certificate within 150 percent of normal time, the number who
completed a bachelor's degree within 150 percent on normal time. Data for
students seeking a degree or certificate other than a bachelor's degree are
also included for four-year institutions. Data for two-year and less-than
two-year institutions include the number of full-time, first-time students who
enrolled three academic years earlier and the number of students who completed
any degree or certificate 150 percent of normal time.

{bf:"college ipeds outcome-measures"}: This endpoint contains award and
enrollment data from degree-granting institutions on undergraduate cohorts that
entered an institution eight academic years ago. The two years of data
currently available have slightly different definitions for cohorts and
information available. In 2015, there is information on four cohorts collected
at two points in time: six academic years and eight academic years after entry.
The four cohorts of degree- or certificate-seeking undergraduates are
full-time, first-time entering; part-time, first-time entering; full-time,
non-first-time entering; and part-time, non-first-time entering. In 2016, there
is information on eight cohorts collected at three points in time: four
academic years, six academic years, and eight academic years after entry. The
eight cohorts are the four cohorts described for 2015, but for each, they
further disaggregate by Pell recipients and non-Pell recipients. Additionally,
in 2016, they collect more detailed information about the types of awards
completed, such as a certificate, Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree.
Finally, the cohort definitions between the two years change. In 2015, the
completion rate at 6 and 8 years after entry uses the adjusted cohort from the
corresponding year after entry as the denominator, whereas in 2016, one
adjusted cohort is used as the denominator in all rates, regardless of years
after entry.

{bf:"college ipeds completers"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students who completed any degree or certificate by race and ethnicity and
gender.

{bf:"college ipeds completions-cip-2"}: This endpoint contains the number of
awards by type of program, level of award (certificate or degree), first or
second major, and by race and ethnicity and gender. Type of program is
categorized according to the 2-digit Classification of Instructional Programs
(CIP), a detailed coding system for postsecondary instructional programs, which
groups the 6-digit CIPs into their families. There are some exceptions, such as
law and medical fields, which were reported as 6-digits by the Integrated
Postsecondary Education Data System. These data are available from 1991 to
2015. IPEDS reported data at the 2-digit CIP level until 2001; after that, the
6-digit CIP data were collapsed to the 2-digit level until 2015.

{bf:"college ipeds completions-cip-6"}: This endpoint contains the number of
awards by type of program, level of award (certificate or degree), first or
second major, and by race and ethnicity and gender. Type of program is
categorized according to the 6-digit Classification of Instructional Programs
(CIP), a detailed coding system for postsecondary instructional programs, which
changes over time. These data are available from 1991 to 2015.

{bf:"college ipeds academic-libraries"}: This endpoint contains information
on the academic institution's electronic and physical library, collections,
expenditures, and services. These data are available only for degree-granting
institutions, and expenditure data are available only for institutions with
total expenditures above $100,000.

{bf:"college scorecard institutional-characteristics"}: This endpoint
contains institutional characteristics for each college or university,
primarily including flags for minority-serving institutions. To avoid
duplication, we exclude data that College Scorecard sourced from IPEDS. For
these data, you can see the other Institutional Characteristics and Directory
endpoints. Notably, most of the information contained in this endpoint can be
found in 2016 and aside from identification and year, only predominant degree
awarded is available in other years.

{bf:"college scorecard student-characteristics aid-applicants"}: This
endpoint contains detailed data on student aid applicants in each institution,
including income level, dependency status, number of college students sent Free
Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) forms to, and other student
demographics. These data are produced for rolling two-year pooled entry cohorts
by the National Student Loan Data System (e.g., the 1997 data represent
information from two cohorts, assessment year 1996&ndash;97 and assessment year
1997&ndash;98).

{bf:"college scorecard student-characteristics home-neighborhood"}: This
endpoint contains detailed demographic information on cohorts of students,
based on when they enroll in college. These data describe the population
residing in the students' home zip codes, including information about race,
education level, nationality, poverty status, household income, and employment
status. The US Treasury Department calculated these data elements using census
data for two-year pooled cohorts at each institution (e.g., the 2005 file
includes the 2004&ndash;05 and 2005&ndash;06 earnings cohorts). Home zip codes
are determined using information from when the student first applied for
financial aid.

{bf:"college scorecard earnings"}: This endpoint contains information on
earnings for former students, by their pooled entry cohort and institution.
This information may be available 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 years after the pooled
cohort entered college, but availability varies by cohort. For example, the
assessment year (AY) 1996&ndash;97 and AY 1997&ndash;98 pooled cohort has
earnings data available 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 years after entry, but the AY
2001-02 and AY 2002&ndash;03 pooled cohort only has earnings data 10 years
after entry and the AY 2003&ndash;04 and AY 2004&ndash;05 pooled cohort only
has earnings data 8 years after entry.

{bf:"college scorecard default"}: This endpoint contains information on the
default rates by cohort for two or three years after students entered
repayment. The two-year default rate is available from 1996 to 2012, and the
three-year default rate is available starting in 2011. The cohorts are those
that entered repayment two or three years before the year of measurement. For
example, those who entered repayment between October 1, 2012, and September 30,
2013 (which we identify as cohort 2012, but corresponds with fiscal year 2013),
have their three-year default rate measured as of September 30, 2015 (year
2015).

{bf:"college scorecard repayment"}: This endpoint contains detailed
repayment data by pooled cohort and institution. These data are also available
by subgroup, including dependency status, Pell recipiency, first-generation
status, sex, and income level. These repayment rates are measured one, three,
five, and seven years after the cohort enters repayment. For example the
one-year repayment rate for fiscal year (FY) 2008 and FY 2009 cohorts
(cohort_year 2008) are measured in FY 2009 and FY 2010 (year 2009),
respectively.

{bf:"college nhgis census-2010"}: This endpoint contains geographic 
variables corresponding to 2010 Census geographies for each IPEDS 
institution. Geographies are merged on by latitude and longitude when 
available; when unavailable, latitudes and longitudes were obtained 
from address information using Urban's geocoder. The geocoder uses 
StreetMap Premium from Esri to perform accurate offline geocoding. 
Geocode accuracy variables indicate the degree of precision of this 
geocoding. Additional information on the match accuracy can be found 
<a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>. 
Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy geocode matches should be used with caution.

{bf:"college nhgis census-2000"}: This endpoint contains geographic variables 
corresponding to 2000 Census geographies for each IPEDS institution. Geographies 
are merged on by latitude and longitude when available; when unavailable, 
latitudes and longitudes were obtained from address information using Urban's 
geocoder. The geocoder uses StreetMap Premium from Esri to perform accurate 
offline geocoding. Geocode accuracy variables indicate the degree of precision 
of this geocoding. Additional information on the match accuracy can be found 
<a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>.  
Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy geocode matches should be used with caution.

{bf:"college nhgis census-1990"}: This endpoint contains geographic variables 
corresponding to 1990 Census geographies for each IPEDS institution. Geographies 
are merged on by latitude and longitude when available; when unavailable, 
latitudes and longitudes were obtained from address information using Urban's 
geocoder. The geocoder uses StreetMap Premium from Esri to perform accurate 
offline geocoding. Geocode accuracy variables indicate the degree of precision 
of this geocoding. Additional information on the match accuracy can be found 
<a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>.  
Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy geocode matches should be used with caution.



{bf:District} - {browse "https://educationdata.urban.org/documentation/school-districts.html":Read Complete Documentation}

{bf:"district ccd directory"}: This endpoint contains school district (local
education agency identification)-level geographic and mailing information,
agency type, highest and lowest grades offered, special education students and
English language learners, and full-time equivalent teachers and other staff.

{bf:"district ccd enrollment"}: This endpoint contains student membership data
for each school district by grade.

{bf:"district ccd enrollment race"}: This endpoint contains student membership
data for each school district by grade and race.

{bf:"district ccd enrollment sex"}: This endpoint contains student membership
data for each school district by grade and sex.

{bf:"district ccd enrollment race sex"}: This endpoint contains student
membership data for each school district by grade, race, and sex.

{bf:"district ccd finance"}: This endpoint contains district level finance data
including revenues from federal, state, and local governments and expenditures.

{bf:"district saipe"}: This endpoint contains district level data on the size
of the population, the size of the school age population, and the size of the
school age population that is in poverty.

{bf:"district edfacts assessments"}: This endpoint contains district-level
achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or
language arts, by grade. It includes the number of students who completed each
assessment for whom a proficiency level was assigned and the proficiency share.
The proficiency share is reported as a range, unless there are more than 300
students in the subgroup, with the magnitude of the range decreasing as the
number of students reported increases. States can change their statewide
assessments, academic standards, or thresholds for proficiency levels, leading
to changes in the proficiency share from year to year.

{bf:"district edfacts assessments race"}: This endpoint contains district-level
achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or
language arts, by grade and race or ethnicity. It includes the number of
students who completed each assessment for whom a proficiency level was
assigned and the proficiency share. The proficiency share is reported as a
range, unless there are more than 300 students in the subgroup, with the
magnitude of the range decreasing as the number of students reported increases.
States can change their statewide assessments, academic standards, or
thresholds for proficiency levels, leading to changes in the proficiency share
from year to year.

{bf:"district edfacts assessments sex"}: This endpoint contains district-level
achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or
language arts, by grade and sex. It includes the number of students who
completed each assessment for whom a proficiency level was assigned and the
proficiency share. The proficiency share is reported as a range, unless there
are more than 300 students in the subgroup, with the magnitude of the range
decreasing as the number of students reported increases. States can change
their statewide assessments, academic standards, or thresholds for proficiency
levels, leading to changes in the proficiency share from year to year.

{bf:"district edfacts assessments special-populations"}: This endpoint contains
district-level achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and
reading or language arts, by grade and special population subgroups. It
includes the number of students who completed each assessment for whom a
proficiency level was assigned and the proficiency share. The proficiency share
is reported as a range, unless there are more than 300 students in the
subgroup, with the magnitude of the range decreasing as the number of students
reported increases. Special population subgroups include children with one or
more disabilities, economically disadvantaged students, students who are
homeless, migrant students, and students with limited English proficiency.
States can change their statewide assessments, academic standards, or
thresholds for proficiency levels, leading to changes in the proficiency share
from year to year.

{bf:School} - {browse "https://educationdata.urban.org/documentation/schools.html":Read Complete Documentation}

{bf:"school ccd directory"}: This endpoint contains school-level information on
location, mailing addresses, school types, highest and lowest grades offered,
and free and reduced-price lunch. This endpoint also contains the school-level
data on the number of full-time eqivalent teachers.

{bf:"school ccd enrollment"}: This endpoint contains student membership data for each
school by grade. Only operational schools serving one or more grades are
required to report membership and only these are included in this endpoint.

{bf:"school ccd enrollment race"}: This endpoint contains student membership data for
each school by grade and race. Only operational schools serving one or more
grades are required to report membership and only these are included in this
endpoint.

{bf:"school ccd enrollment sex"}: This endpoint contains student membership data for
each school by grade and sex. Only operational schools serving one or more
grades are required to report membership and only these are included in this
endpoint.

{bf:"school ccd enrollment race sex"}: This endpoint contains student membership data
for each school by grade, race, and sex. Only operational schools serving one
or more grades are required to report membership and only these are included in
this endpoint.

{bf:"school crdc directory"}: This endpoint contains school-level geographic
information, grades offered, and information on school type (including charter,
magnet, and alternative schools).

{bf:"school crdc enrollment race sex"}: This endpoint contains student enrollment for
each school by students' race and sex. This includes only K&ndash;12 students.

{bf:"school crdc enrollment disability sex"}: This endpoint contains student
enrollment for each school by students' disability status and sex. This only
includes students in grades K-12.

{bf:"school crdc enrollment lep sex"}: This endpoint contains student enrollment for
each school by students' Limited English Proficiency status and sex. This only
includes students in grades K-12.

{bf:"school crdc discipline disability sex"}: This endpoint contains student
discipline information for each school, including suspensions, expulsions,
arrests, referrals, and corporal punishment by students' race and sex.

{bf:"school crdc discipline disability race sex"}: This endpoint contains student
discipline information for each school, including suspensions, expulsions,
arrests, referrals, and corporal punishment by students' disability status and
sex.

{bf:"school crdc discipline disability lep sex"}: This endpoint contains student
discipline information for each school, including suspensions, expulsions,
arrests, referrals, and corporal punishment by students' limited English
proficiency status and sex.

{bf:"school crdc harassment-or-bullying allegations"}: This endpoint contains the
number of allegations of harassment or bullying on the basis of sex; on the
basis of race, color, or national origin; or on the basis of disability. This
only includes students in grades K-12 and comparable ungraded levels.

{bf:"school crdc harassment-or-bullying race sex"}: This endpoint contains the number
of students who reported being harassed or bullied and the number of students
who were disciplined for harassment or bullying, by students' race and sex.
These reports and disciplines could be on the basis of sex; on the basis of
race, color, or national origin; or on the basis of disability. This includes
only students in grades K&ndash;12 and comparable ungraded levels.

{bf:"school crdc harassment-or-bullying disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students who reported being harassed or bullied and the number of
students who were disciplined for harassment or bullying, by students'
disability status and sex. These reports and disciplines could be on the basis
of sex, on the basis of race, color, or national origin, or on the basis of
disability. This only includes students in grades K-12 and comparable ungraded
levels.

{bf:"school crdc harassment-or-bullying lep sex"}: This endpoint contains the number
of students who reported being harassed or bullied and the number of students
who were disciplined for harassment or bullying, by students' limited English
proficiency status and sex. These reports and disciplines could be on the basis
of sex, on the basis of race, color, or national origin, or on the basis of
disability. This only includes students in grades K-12 and comparable ungraded
levels.

{bf:"school crdc chronic-absenteeism race sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students who were chronically absent, by race and sex. Chronic absenteeism is
defined as being absent 15 or more school days during the school year. A
student is absent if he or she is not physically on school grounds and is not
participating in instruction or instruction-related activities at an approved
off-grounds location for the school day. Chronically absent students include
students who are absent for any reason (e.g., illness, suspension, the need to
care for a family member), regardless of whether absences are excused or
unexcused.

{bf:"school crdc chronic-absenteeism disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students who were chronically absent, by disability status and sex.
Chronic absenteeism is defined as being absent 15 or more school days during
the school year. A student is absent if he or she is not physically on school
grounds and is not participating in instruction or instruction-related
activities at an approved off-grounds location for the school day. Chronically
absent students include students who are absent for any reason (e.g., illness,
suspension, the need to care for a family member), regardless of whether
absences are excused or unexcused.

{bf:"school crdc chronic-absenteeism lep sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students who were chronically absent, by limited English proficiency status and
sex. Chronic absenteeism is defined as being absent 15 or more school days
during the school year. A student is absent if he or she is not physically on
school grounds and is not participating in instruction or instruction-related
activities at an approved off-grounds location for the school day. Chronically
absent students include students who are absent for any reason (e.g., illness,
suspension, the need to care for a family member), regardless of whether
absences are excused or unexcused.

{bf:"school crdc restraint-and-seclusion instances"}: This endpoint contains the
number of instances of restraint or seclusion, by student's disability status.
This includes only students in grades K&ndash;12 and comparable ungraded
levels.

{bf:"school crdc restraint-and-seclusion disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students who were subjected to restraint or seclusion, by disability
status and sex. This includes only students in grades K&ndash;12 and comparable
ungraded levels.

{bf:"school crdc restraint-and-seclusion disability race sex"}: This endpoint contains
the number of students who were subjected to restraint or seclusion, by
disability status, race, and sex. This includes only students in grades
K&ndash;12 and comparable ungraded levels.

{bf:"school crdc restraint-and-seclusion disability lep sex"}: This endpoint contains
the number of students who were subjected to restraint or seclusion, by
disability status, limited English proficiency status, and sex. This includes
only students in grades K&ndash;12 and comparable ungraded levels.

{bf:"school crdc ap-ib-enrollment race sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students enrolled in Advanced Placement (AP) courses, the International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme, and gifted and talented (GT) programs, by
race and sex.

{bf:"school crdc ap-ib-enrollment disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the number
of students enrolled in Advanced Placement (AP) courses, the International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme, and gifted and talented (GT) programs, by
disability and sex.

{bf:"school crdc ap-ib-enrollment lep sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students enrolled in Advanced Placement (AP) courses, the International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Programme, and gifted and talented (GT) programs, by
limited English proficiency status and sex.

{bf:"school crdc ap-exams race sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of students
taking AP exams, and the number of students passing AP exams, by students' race
and sex.

{bf:"school crdc ap-exams disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students taking AP exams, and the number of students passing AP exams, by
students' disability status and sex.

{bf:"school crdc ap-exams lep sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of students
taking AP exams, and the number of students passing AP exams, by students'
Limited English Proficiency status and sex.

{bf:"school crdc sat-act-participation race sex"}: This endpoint contains the number
of students taking the SAT or ACT, by race and sex.

{bf:"school crdc sat-act-participation disability sex"}: This endpoint contains the
number of students taking the SAT or ACT, by disability status and sex.

{bf:"school crdc sat-act-participation lep sex"}: This endpoint contains the number of
students taking the SAT or ACT, by limited English proficiency status and sex.

{bf:"school edfacts assessments"}: This endpoint contains school-level achievement
results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or language arts, by
grade. It includes the number of students who completed each assessment for
whom a proficiency level was assigned and the proficiency share. The
proficiency share is reported as a range, unless there are more than 300
students in the subgroup, with the magnitude of the range decreasing as the
number of students reported increases. States can change their statewide
assessments, academic standards, or thresholds for proficiency levels, leading
to changes in the proficiency share from year to year.

{bf:"school edfacts assessments race"}: This endpoint contains school-level
achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or
language arts, by grade and race or ethnicity. It includes the number of
students who completed each assessment for whom a proficiency level was
assigned and the proficiency share. The proficiency share is reported as a
range, unless there are more than 300 students in the subgroup, with the
magnitude of the range decreasing as the number of students reported increases.
States can change their statewide assessments, academic standards, or
thresholds for proficiency levels, leading to changes in the proficiency share
from year to year.

{bf:"school edfacts assessments sex"}: This endpoint contains school-level achievement
results for state assessments in mathematics and reading or language arts, by
grade and sex. It includes the number of students who completed each assessment
for whom a proficiency level was assigned and the proficiency share. The
proficiency share is reported as a range, unless there are more than 300
students in the subgroup, with the magnitude of the range decreasing as the
number of students reported increases. States can change their statewide
assessments, academic standards, or thresholds for proficiency levels, leading
to changes in the proficiency share from year to year.

{bf:"school edfacts assessments special-populations"}: This endpoint contains
school-level achievement results for state assessments in mathematics and
reading or language arts, by grade and special population subgroups. It
includes the number of students who completed each assessment for whom a
proficiency level was assigned and the proficiency share. The proficiency share
is reported as a range, unless there are more than 300 students in the
subgroup, with the magnitude of the range decreasing as the number of students
reported increases. Special population subgroups include children with one or
more disabilities, economically disadvantaged students, students who are
homeless, migrant students, and students with limited English proficiency.
States can change their statewide assessments, academic standards, or
thresholds for proficiency levels, leading to changes in the proficiency share
from year to year.

{bf:"school nhgis census-2010"}: This endpoint contains geographic variables 
corresponding to 2010 Census geographies for each school in the CCD directory. 
Geographies are merged on by latitude and longitude when available; when 
unavailable, latitudes and longitudes were obtained from address information 
using Urban's geocoder. The geocoder uses StreetMap Premium from Esri to 
perform accurate offline geocoding. Geocode accuracy variables indicate 
the degree of precision of this geocoding. Additional information on the 
match accuracy can be found <a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>.  Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy geocode matches should 
be used with caution. In addition, we link schools’ geographic locations to 
the geographic boundaries of school districts.

{bf:"school nhgis census-2000"}: This endpoint contains geographic variables 
corresponding to 2000 Census geographies for each school in the CCD directory. 
Geographies are merged on by latitude and longitude when available; when unavailable, 
latitudes and longitudes were obtained from address information using Urban's geocoder. 
The geocoder uses StreetMap Premium from Esri to perform accurate offline geocoding. 
Geocode accuracy variables indicate the degree of precision of this geocoding. 
Additional information on the match accuracy can be found <a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>.  Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy 
geocode matches should be used with caution. In addition, we link schools’ geographic 
locations to the geographic boundaries of school districts.

{bf:"school nhgis census-1990"}: This endpoint contains geographic variables 
corresponding to 1990 Census geographies for each school in the CCD directory. 
Geographies are merged on by latitude and longitude when available; when unavailable, 
latitudes and longitudes were obtained from address information using Urban's geocoder. 
The geocoder uses StreetMap Premium from Esri to perform accurate offline geocoding. 
Geocode accuracy variables indicate the degree of precision of this geocoding. 
Additional information on the match accuracy can be found <a href="https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/geocode/api-reference/geocoding-service-output.htm">here</a>.  Geographies for older years of data or low-accuracy 
geocode matches should be used with caution. In addition, we link schools’ geographic 
locations to the geographic boundaries of school districts.